Kernel driver ads1000
=====================

Supported chips:

  * Texas Instruments ADS1000

    Prefix: 'ads1000'

    Datasheet: Publicly available at the Texas Instruments website:

               http://www.ti.com/lit/ds/symlink/ads1000.pdf

  * Texas Instruments ADS1100

    Prefix: 'ads1100'

    Datasheet: Publicly available at the Texas Instruments website:

               http://www.ti.com/lit/ds/symlink/ads1100.pdf

Authors:
	Serge Semin <fancer.lancer@gmail.com>

Description
-----------

This driver implements support for the Texas Instruments ADS1000/ADS1100 ADCs.

This device is a 12-16 bit A-D converter with 1 input.

The inputs can be used either as a differential pair of Vin+ Vin- or as a single
ended sensor for Vin+ GND. The inputs mode is platform-dependent and isn't
configured by software in any case.

Platform Data
-------------

In linux/platform_data/ads1000.h platform data is defined to be of
the following fields:

 - pga is the programmable gain amplifier.

    - 0: x1
    - 1: x2
    - 2: x4
    - 3: x8

 - data_rate in samples per second also affecting the output code accuracy.

    - 0: 128SPS - +/- Vdd*0.488mV (ads1000 accepts this rate only)
    - 1: 32SPS  - +/- Vdd*0.122mV
    - 2: 16SPS  - +/- Vdd*0.061mV
    - 3: 8SPS   - +/- Vdd*0.030mV
   Since this parameter also affects the output accuracy, be aware the greater
   SPS the worse accuracy.

 - vdd is a pointer to the voltage regulator with reference voltage source.

 - divider is an array of inbound voltage dividers in <R1 R2> Ohms, if each of
   them is non-zero then the output voltage will be modified as follows:
   dVin = (R1 + R2)/R2 * dVin.

As a result the output value is calculated by the next formulae:
dVin = Cod * Vdd / (PGA * max(|Cod|)), where max(|Cod|) - maximum possible
value of the output code, which depends on the SPS setting from data_rate.

Devicetree
----------

Configuration is also possible via devicetree:
Documentation/devicetree/bindings/hwmon/ads1000.txt
